Then get out of my way
What are you doing? Can't you hear Xu Yao?
Kneel down and apologize
Otherwise, you will have no place in Yuncheng
Sister brother-in-law
You are simply too kind
Up to now
That trash is still thinking about how to act tough
Hmph, just kneel down
You have to kneel all day and night
Is that sincere?
Oops oops oops
Xu Shao, this has nothing to do with us
It's all that trash talking nonsense
It has nothing to do with us.
If you want to punish, punish him
Things are not fast, kneel down
Let me kneel
Let me have a place in Yuncheng
You are not qualified yet
Stinky trash, you don't know yet
The Xu family is backed by the Huo family
Huo Jingliang, the richest man in Huo
And his old man's right-hand man
Said that you couldn't get along in Yuncheng
You don't even have a chance to beg in Yuncheng
I understand brother, why are you telling him this?
What about high world things?
This kind of pariah at the bottom will not move
Uh, yeah.
Kneel down now
Don't make Xu Shang angry
Otherwise you can't afford the consequences
Huo Jingliang has to hold a handrail in front of me
Why are you so arrogant as a subordinate?
Hey
bold boy
How dare you call Huo's richest man by his name?
I see you are alive
I'm sorry, Xu Shao, Xiao Chen has a problem with his brain
Don't take his words seriously
Yes, sir.
he
If you want to punish, punish him
Our family is innocent
Why did Huo Jingliang's name become taboo?
I call him and he can cut off my life
Offended in Yuncheng
Life or death is really up to you
Come on, drag this trash down for me
Break limbs
Throw it around the house with the dog
Who should I dare?